[Music]
welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we
are making Diamond lemon is a very
popular noodle soup in Japan there are
millions of lemon restaurants in Japan
from mom-and-pop Chinese restaurants in
neighborhoods lemon street cards open
late at night to sophisticated lemon
specialty shops one thing that they have
in common is that they all think that
the element is the best they spend hours
or days to prepare good broth and the
ingredients of the soup at the top
secret although usually pork chicken or
seafood is used for the base of the soup
and that it's then seasoned with soy
sauce missile or salt the type of noodle
to use is just as important the wheat
noodles called chuckerman must have a
firm and chewy texture so how do we make
our lemon as good as the lemon shops in
Japan honestly that's a mission
impossible however we can make it almost
as good and easy enough to make it at
home we'll show you how here are the
ingredients we use pork to make our
broth and also use the meat as toppings
good sea salt fresh ginger garlic and
lots of green onions soy sauce sake salt
and sesame oil for flavor
our biggest secret is the noodles it's
very hard to find good chukerman noodles
outside of japan especially the fresh
kind we tested different types of dry
chukerman that are sold in the US but
none of them came out as good as we
wanted so what's the secret believe it
or not we are using fresh angel hair
pasta which you can find in the
refrigerated section at many grocery
stores we boil the pasta with baking
soda to get a distinct lemon noodle
flavor and some blanched bean sprouts
and boiled eggs for toppings for exact
measurements of the ingredients as
always
please visit our website Japanese
cooking 101.com let's begin the day
before we salt the pork just sprinkle
some sea salt on the surface of the pork
and rub it well then wrap the meat with
a plastic wrap and keep it in a
refrigerator overnight or up to 2 to 3
days so the next day we put the salted
pork in the pot with water and add
slices of fresh ginger and green onions
bring it to a boil and simmer for one
and a half hours and remove the pork and
strain the liquid into another pot now
we are seasoning the soup add soy sauce
sake salt and some sesame oil and keep
it hot while we'll prepare the noodles
and the toppings just like making pasta
that timing is everything and you need
to have everything ready to go before
the noodle is cooked chop up some green
onions and slice the pork you should
also have the bold eggs and the sprouts
ready to go then the noodles add some
baking soda in the hot water be careful
because it may boil over and add some
angel hair pasta make sure you don't
overcook the noodle remember that the
texture is very important now that looks
ready then drain the water and quickly
serve in the bowl add some hot soup
and a couple of slices of pork some bean
sprouts boiled egg and lots of green
onions this doesn't look so bad with the
limited ingredients outside of Japan we
can still make tasty ramen right at home
[Music]
you